feat: Add Outbox package (#348)
Energinet-DataHub/geh-core: source/Outbox/documents/documentation.md

    -- https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/saving/concurrency?tabs=data-annotations
    [RowVersion]        ROWVERSION NOT NULL,
    
    [Type]              NVARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
    [Payload]           NVARCHAR(MAX) NOT NULL,
    [CreatedAt]         DATETIME2 NOT NULL,
    [ProcessingAt]      DATETIME2 NULL,
    [PublishedAt]       DATETIME2 NULL,
    [FailedAt]          DATETIME2 NULL,
    [ErrorMessage]      NVARCHAR(MAX) NULL,
    [ErrorCount]        INT NOT NULL,

    CONSTRAINT [PK_Outbox]            PRIMARY KEY NONCLUSTERED ([Id]),
    
    -- A UNIQUE CLUSTERED constraint on an INT IDENTITY column optimizes the performance of the outbox table
    -- by ordering indexes by the sequential RecordId column instead of the UNIQUEIDENTIFIER  primary key (which is random).
    CONSTRAINT [UX_Outbox_RecordId]   UNIQUE CLUSTERED ([RecordId] ASC),
)
GO

-- The index used for finding up messages to process in the Outbox table
CREATE INDEX [IX_Outbox_PublishedAt_FailedAt_ProcessingAt_CreatedAt]
    ON [dbo].[Outbox] ([PublishedAt], [FailedAt], [ProcessingAt], [CreatedAt])
    INCLUDE ([Id])
GO
```

> The script can also be found at [Example.DatabaseMigration/Scripts/202409171950_Add_Outbox_table.sql](https://github.com/Energinet-DataHub/geh-core/blob/xedkn/add-outbox-package/source/Outbox/source/Example.DatabaseMigration/Scripts/202409171950_Add_Outbox_table.sql)

Reviewer: As soon as this is merged to main this link will fail.

Author: Yes. I had the link to the "main" repository, but then the build fails because the link is dead (it will work after the merge tho').

# Documentation

> This outbox bundle exists of 2 .NET NuGet packages:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This outbox bundle consists of two .NET NuGet packages:
```

```

The `IOutboxProcessor` will process the outbox messages in the database and publish them using
the registered `IOutboxPublisher` implementations. It should be called periodically from a background worker
or a timer trigger. Below is an example of how to use the `IOutboxProcessor` in a timer trigger,
processing the outbox messages every 10 seconds.

**TimerTrigger example:**

```csharp
public class OutboxPublisher(IOutboxProcessor outboxProcessor)
{
    private readonly IOutboxProcessor _outboxProcessor = outboxProcessor;

    [Function(nameof(OutboxPublisher))]
    public Task PublishOutboxAsync(
        [TimerTrigger("*/10 * * * * *")] TimerInfo timerTimerInfo,
        FunctionContext context,
        CancellationToken cancellationToken)
    {
        return _outboxProcessor.ProcessOutboxAsync();
    }
}
```

The `_outboxProcessor.ProcessOutboxAsync()` will process all current outbox messages in the database
and publish them using the registered `IOutboxPublisher` implementations. Using the default values, it will
maximum try to process 1000 messages per run, which can be overriden by using the optional `limit` parameter

> from the `IOutboxProcessor.ProcessOutboxAsync` method.

Reviewer: For some documentation it is better to link to the code; otherwise we risk that documentation and code quickly gets out of synch. I'm not saying you should change anything here, its just an example and a learning from build packages.

    /// </summary>
    /// <param name="limit">The limit of messages to process each time the method is called.</param>
    /// <param name="cancellationToken"></param>
    Task ProcessOutboxAsync(int limit = 1000, CancellationToken? cancellationToken = null);
}
```

If running the `IOutboxProcessor` in a background worker, you must handle calling the `ProcessOutboxAsync` method
periodically. Make sure that each run of the `ProcessOutboxAsync` method is in a separate dependency injection scope.

## Deleting old outbox messages

Remember to delete old outbox messages from the `Outbox` table (where `PublishedAt` is not null) to avoid
the Outbox table continuing to growing indefinitely. Implementing this is currently not part of the `Outbox`
package, and should be handled individually in each application.

## Error handling and retries

The `IOutboxProcessor` implementation will handle retries and error handling for the outbox messages.
If an outbox message is not successfully processed, the `ErrorCount` will be incremented and
the `FailedAt` and `ErrorMessage` columns will be updated. The `IOutboxProcessor` will retry processing

> the message with an increasing delay based on how many times it has failed.

Reviewer: Another example where the implementation might easily change without the documentation beeing updated.
